# Infrastructure Engineer Task
# Rishi Kumar - 20BCY10052
## Problem Statement

You have been given a dataset of customer orders from an online store. The data is in a CSV file `orders.csv` with the following columns:
* order_id: unique identifier for each order
* customer_id: unique identifier for each customer
* order_date: date when the order was placed
* product_id: unique identifier for each product
* product_name: name of the product
* product_price: price of the product
* quantity: quantity of the product ordered
  
Your task is to write a Python program that reads the data from the CSV file and performs the following tasks:
* Compute the total revenue generated by the online store for each month in the dataset.
* Compute the total revenue generated by each product in the dataset.
* Compute the total revenue generated by each customer in the dataset.
* Identify the top 10 customers by revenue generated.

## File Structure
* `task.py`: Reads the orders.csv file and performs the required tasks.
* `test.py` : Perfoms tests for the functions.

## Getting Started

These instructions will help you set up and run the project on your local machine.

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/iAmRishijha/tanX.fi-task.git
    ```
2. Move to the directory
   
3. Build the Docker images:

    ```bash
    docker-compose build
    ```
   
### Running the Test

To run the test, execute the following command:

```bash
docker-compose run test
```
This will start the test service and run the unit tests specified in `test.py`.

### Running the Task

To run the task, execute the following command:

```bash
docker-compose run task
```
This will start the task service and perform the operations specified in `task.py`.

### Stopping the Services

To stop the running services, use:

```bash
docker-compose down
```
